!!! Just one weekend project. Code is not so clean:)

# Ripple snap MVP - use XRPL Ripple network via Metamask in SECURE and EASY way

Project created with aim to solve problem of blockchain 'diversity'. XRPL with XRP token introduced due to likely suitability of adaptation as fast way of transfer 'money' in way from institutions to institution and institution <-> human beings as well.

**Technical Solution:**

**Data storage for XRPL:**

- All sensitive data are generated in isolated snap environment.
- All sensitive data like private keys, seeds etc. generated by hashing functions are stored in snap_manageState.
- Is possible to retrieve sensitive data out of isolated snap environment after user snap_confirm. Endpoint ready (Some UI stuff to add)

**Network Connection to XRPL:**

- Connection via WebSocket directly to XRPL. **No Brokers ! No Limits !**
- One connection live which handle all XRPL accounts
- WebSocket connection is out of isolated snap environment.
- WebSocket connection to synchronize account informations use only public account information
- Signing of transaction is made inside Metamask isolated environment. Sign confirmation as well. Private accounts informations are not sent outisde of isolated flask.

**Confirmations**

- For actions like create new account, upload existed account, sigining transaction user must confirm it in metamask custom view provided by snap_confirm.

**Notification**

- Notifiaction inside app Metamask and outside as well were added. snap_notify was used to provide that functionality. Outside notifications work occasionally with undefined behavior.

**User Flows covered:**

- New XRP Ledger creation. Possibility of creattion multiple accounts - as many as you want.
- Upload existed XRP Ledger based on seed. Possibility of upload multiple accounts - as many as you want.
- Fast refreshing currenct balance of XRP for all accounts
- Information about account that is not yet activated. In XRPL just created account is not activate. That account must receive 10XRP to start be 'normal' account
- sednng transactions type 'Payment' for XRP. That transaction is for transfer funds between accounts. **That tx transactions are fully hashed internally in metamask isolated environment without use outsided connection.**

Technical stuff:

- Typescript
- Redux
  etc like in monorepo.

## How to start

1. USE node in version v18.1.0. Another versions were not tested. Chromium was used for test purposes.
2. To start local version:

- go to main folder of project
- nvm use 18.1.0.
- yarn install
- yarn start

Please remeber that metamask Flask addon mus be enabled.

## Requests to the metamask team

- I recognized during development that webscoket data is not visible in isolated environment. Please check WebSocket
- Please problem with webpack polyfill
- Add posibility of update UI in Metamask to include for example new chains in chain list which are not EVM chains.
